docs(tutorial): Remote Mac mini M1 with Reemo Cloud - Mta-1765 (#422)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/access-mac-mini-with-reemo/index.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Acceesing a remote Mac mini M1 with Reemo
  description: This page explains how to access a remote Mac mini M1 with Reemo
content:
  h1: Acceesing a remote Mac mini M1 with Reemo
  paragraph: This page explains how to access a remote Mac mini M1 with Reemo
tags: mac m1 reemo remote desktop
categories: 
  - compute
  - apple-silicon
dates:
  validation: 2022-02-18
  posted: 2022-02-18
---

## Reeemo - Overview

> [Reemo](https://reemo.io/) is an ultra-low latency, high performance desktop platform designed to allow anyone to connect to any computer and virtual environment from a chrome browser to work and play freely from anywhere, on any device. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Reemo](https://reemo.io/) is an ultra-low latency, high performance desktop platform designed to allow anyone to connect to any computer and virtual environment from a Chrome browser to work and play freely from anywhere, on any device. 
```

Reemo works perfectly on MacOS,Linux, and Windows and supports multiple peripherals. _Reemo is a French startup that was part of the Scaleway Startup Program._

Scaleway’s Apple silicon M1 as-a-Service offer is highly compatible with Reemo.io. Scaleway’s Mac mini M1 is built using the latest generation of Apple Mac mini hardware.
These dedicated Mac mini M1 are designed for developing, building, testing, and signing applications for Apple devices, including iPhones, iPads, Mac computers and much more. Reemo.io can be installed easily on Scaleway’s Mac mini M1 which allows you to instantly connect to your M1 remotely from a chrome browser while keeping its performance and efficiency.

In this tutorial, you will learn how to launch your Mac mini M1 development environment on Reemo.io

<Message type="requirement">

You have:
- You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com)

> - You have [created a Mac mini M1](/compute/apple-silicon/how-to/create-mac-mini-m1/)

Author: no ssh key required here

</Message>

## Creating your Reemo account.

<Message type="tip">

A Reemo Cloud account is required to access your Mac mini M1 via the Reemo service. Reemo Cloud is **free** for personal use.

</Message>

1. Go to the [Reemo portal](https://portal.reemo.io/) and click **Get started** to create your Reemo account.

  <Lightbox src="scaleway-reemo-portal.png" alt="" />

> 2. Enter your email address, a password and its confirmation in the form. Then tick the checkbox to agree to Reemo's terms of service and click **Contine** to create your account. You will receive an email with a confirmation code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enter your email address, a password and confirm the password in the form. Then tick the checkbox to agree to Reemo's terms of service and click **Continue** to create your account. You will receive an email with a confirmation code.
```

---
meta:
  title: Acceesing a remote Mac mini M1 with reemo
  description: This page explains how to access a remote Mac mini M1 with Reemo
content:
  h1: Acceesing a remote Mac mini M1 with reemo
  paragraph: This page explains how to access a remote Mac mini M1 with Reemo
tags: mac m1 reemo remote desktop
categories: 
  - compute
  - apple-silicon
dates:
  validation: 2022-02-18
  posted: 2022-02-18
---

## Reeemo - Overview

> [Reemo](https://reemo.io/) developed a remote desktop solution to access your computers from anywhere on any device without any configuration. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Reemo](https://reemo.io/) is a remote desktop solution to access your computers from anywhere on any device without any configuration. 
```

Once the Reemo service is installed on the remote device you can acccess it from any device running a Chrome browser. 

<Message type="requirement">

You have:
- You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- You have [created a Mac mini M1](/compute/apple-silicon/how-to/create-mac-mini-m1/)
</Message>

## Creating your Reemo account.

<Message type="tip">

> A Reemo Cloud account account is required to access your Mac mini M1 via the Reemo service. Reemo Cloud is **free** for personal use.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A Reemo Cloud account is required to access your Mac mini M1 via the Reemo service. Reemo Cloud is **free** for personal use.
```

</Message>

1. Go to the [Reemo portal](https://portal.reemo.io/) and click **Get started** to create your Reemo account.

  <Lightbox="scaleway-reemo-portal.png" alt="" />

> 2. Enter your email address, a password and its confirmation in the form. Then tick the checkbox to agree Reemo's terms of service and click **Contine** to create your account. You will receive an email with a confirmation code.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Enter your email address, a password and its confirmation in the form. Then tick the checkbox to agree to Reemo's terms of service and click **Contine** to create your account. You will receive an email with a confirmation code.
```

3. Open your email account and check your security code. Then enter the code in the form and click **Validate** to confirm the account creation. 

  <Lightbox="scaleway-reemo-validate.png" alt="" />

  <Message type="tip">

>   If you don not receive the validation code, check also in your spam folder. If you still can not find the code, click **Send again** to receive it again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If you do not receive the validation code, check your spam folder. If you still cannot find the code, click **Send again** to receive it again.
```

  </Message>

4. Click **My private key** to display your private key which you need during the installation of the Reemo client on your Mac mini M1. 

  <Message type="important">

  Keep this code secret and don't share it.

  </Message>

## Installing the Reemo client

1. Log into your Mac mini M1. You can [connect](/compute/apple-silicon/how-to/connect-to-mac-mini-m1/) to your machine either using the VNC client or via SSH. 

2. If you are logged into the Mac mini M1 via VNC, open a terminal. If you are connected via SSH you can skip this step.

3. Run the following command to install the Reemo client on your machine:
  ```sh 
  curl -skL -o /tmp/install_reemo.x 'https://download.reemo.io/macos/setup.x' && sudo bash /tmp/install_reemo.x
  ```
  <Message type="note">

  You must be logged into the administrator account of your Mac mini M1 to run the command above.

  </Message>

4. Enter the **private key** of your Reemo account when prompted. Press Enter to validate.

> The Reemo client is installed now on your Mac mini M1 and the machine appears on the Reemo dashboard.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Reemo client is now installed on your Mac mini M1 and the machine appears on the Reemo dashboard.
```

## Connecting to your Mac mini M1 using Reemo

> 1. Open the [Reemo portal](https://portal.reemo.io/) in a [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) browser on a device of your chocice. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Open the [Reemo portal](https://portal.reemo.io/) in a [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) browser on a device of your choice. 
```

  <Message type="tip">

>   Reemo works on any device capable to run the Chrome browser. No matter if it is your PC, tablet, phone or any device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Reemo works on any device capable of running the Chrome browser. This could be your PC, tablet, phone or any other device running Chrome.
```
